DATA-5302: improve docs (#132)
adobe/commerce-events: CONTRIBUTING.md

license agreement. This gives Adobe permission to redistribute your contributions
as part of the project. [Sign our CLA](https://opensource.adobe.com/cla.html). You
only need to submit an Adobe CLA one time, so if you have submitted one previously,
you are good to go!

## Code Reviews

All submissions should come in the form of pull requests and need to be reviewed
by project committers. Read [GitHub's pull request documentation](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/)
for more information on sending pull requests.

Lastly, please follow the [pull request template](PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) when
submitting a pull request!

## From Contributor To Committer

We love contributions from our community! If you'd like to go a step beyond contributor
and become a committer with full write access and a say in the project, you must
be invited to the project. The existing committers employ an internal nomination
process that must reach lazy consensus (silence is approval) before invitations
are issued. If you feel you are qualified and want to get more deeply involved,
feel free to reach out to existing committers to have a conversation about that.

## Security Issues

> Security issues shouldn't be reported on this issue tracker. Instead, [file an issue to our security experts](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/alertus.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security issues should not be reported on this issue tracker. Instead, [file an issue to our security experts](https://helpx.adobe.com/security/alertus.html).
```
